Add the group dinner news (#20)
SECQUOIA/SECQUOIA.github.io: _posts/2023-12-01-GroupDinner.md

---
layout: post
title: Group Dinner
description: 'The first group dinner of SECQUOIA!'
image: assets/images/posts/GroupDinner.jpeg
---

Celebrating a remarkable week at SECQUOIA! We were privileged to host two distinguished minds this week: Norman Tubman from NASA and Farshud Sorourifar from Ohio State University. Their enlightening seminars expanded our horizons and fueled our passion for cutting-edge research.

> To cap off an intense and productive week, we came together for the very first SECQUOIA group dinner. It was a wonderful opportunity to unwind, share stories, and build connections beyond our research pursuits. Here's to fostering stronger bonds and many more fruitful collaborations ahead!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We came together for the Fall 2023 SECQUOIA group dinner to cap off an intense and productive week. It was a wonderful opportunity to unwind, share stories, and build connections beyond our research pursuits. Here's to fostering stronger bonds and many more fruitful collaborations ahead!
```
